Thank you so much for being here.  How are you
?  How are you?  Hello, how are you?
Good night.  Ole, look at the gachón's shirt
.  I mean, I'm not going to
get a Hellu Kitty helmet or something.
Wow, what a great shirt.  Sure,
David brought this one to me.  But you put it on
backwards, didn't you?  Yes, it's just so you can
see what his pre-magazine is about, damn it.
You can tell, you can see the neck, huh?  It goes, it
goes.  He has lost weight.  So she was
little when I brought her to you.  Yes, it
was very small for me.  The thing is,
I'm getting fat again now,
huh?  I lost 8 kg when it was now in
January.  But okay, now you're very serious.
What's happening?  What's wrong, are you so
serious?  I do.  Didn't you wake up today
or something?  Oh really.  No way.  I'm
[ __ ] great, man.  I am very
excited.  Also, I'm currently in the
studio recording new songs and
preparing to go to America, which I'm
leaving on Wednesday.  And nothing, with many
projects and very happy.  I'm doing very
well, man.  I just worked out.  I
feel [ __ ] great.  You don't stop, eh,
man.  I mean, this Wednesday I saw you
on Wednesday or Tuesday it was the
sand thing I'm talking about, look at it.
I was in the arena three times in
15 days.  I was with Pignois singing,
then with Ricardo Marín, the other day
I was with Carlos Rivera all day too
and I look like a construction worker,
man.  I mean, all [ __ ] day in there.
Well, that's good that we're missing it.  I
was telling Fran just now
before you came in, I mean, well, I've been
seeing that when he goes to
Thailand you take him on a tour.
All you do is take me to see the
capybaras and lizards you have in
the lake.  We went to see the bridge
over the Guai River, man, what a dream
that's [ __ ] amazing.  It hasn't taught me
anything.  I wasn't taught about
Seven-Eleven and the bugs that bite.  And
then we also went to see that
giant Buddha that's there in the middle of the
mountain and I had a great time.  For me, it
was a
wonderful few days that you spent in Hong
Kong, wasn't it?  Just like me.  Yeah, [ __ ].  And
also on the way back I had an incredible incident during
the trip, a brutal storm
landed in Hong Kong and we were diverted
to Macau.  But I, look how many times I've ever had a plane,
and the first time I was
truly scared on a plane was that day,
man.  I grabbed my daughter Lucia's hand
and said, "I mean, this is as far as we go,
man."  And well, nothing happened, but the
most incredible storm I've ever seen in
my life, man.  That is, inside an airplane.
Spectacular.  But hey, the experience
was incredible.  I'm looking forward to going back,
uh, giving a hug to this guy who I
love so much and thanking him, well I
have no words to thank him for what he
does for me, for my daughter, uh, for
us and how happy we were those
days, which were truly
wonderful days for me, right?  There are more
projects, huh?  more project.  Well,
Lucía is talking, she's talking to
Paloma, but we have a project that will get us ready as soon as I
finish my degree
.  A good ride.  I told you, I
told you privately the other day, but I'm
telling you here again.  Besides, he
's watching us.  You have a little girl who is a
delight, super good, the girl.  Come on,
she's very pretty, Lucia.  Yes, she is very pretty.
The thing is, next time
I think you're
not going to give him a hug in Thailand, huh?  I think it will
have to be in the Congo or
Australia.  A couple of a couple
more earthquakes.  Let's see if the epicenter
is in someone's house.  Fran,
what are you going to do?  Are you going to see what
Luciar did to you?  Are you going to Australia or just to
see?  No, let's see, at the moment we have
four people here who are going to run the
sanctuary, and we've been training them
for several weeks now.  Hey, as
soon as I can travel, I'll travel outside of
Thailand because I have to leave
Thailand for a few months and
I'm sure I'll come back in the future,
I'm sure, I mean, the sanctuary is going to
stay, the sanctuary is staying, it was
made for the animals and it's staying.  The thing
is, I have to go out for
a bunch of reasons, and I want
the lawyers to do it when I
'm away.  I have to be out.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.  A lot of fuss, there has been
a lot of betrayal, a lot of fuss and right now I
am trying to get out of all
the cases because suddenly I have been
here for 27 years and I have never had a single problem
and suddenly I have five cases.  I mean,
what a coincidence, what a coincidence, damn.   It's just
awesome, isn't it?  What I was saying, I
was kind of following your line which
worries me a lot, but I said, I say,
well, and the animals, man, I'm going to
Australia.  And how do you carry everything
you have?  No, they stay here, they
stay here.  I have four people now.  In
fact, I have the police chief's brother
working here.  Hosts.  Yes,
but it's just that when... But look,
when they came here to arrest me and
all that, there were 30 or so police officers.
I knew a lot of them, I mean,
because they had come two weeks ago,
but they filed a complaint against me and
since nothing happened, they filed another
complaint with more things and that's why the
SWAT team came.  I mean, here came the
SWAT, you know?  Yes, yes.  An intervention team came
.  But why?  I'll
tell you.
What happened there was that
several authorities got together,
eh, I mean, it's
protocol stuff and I don't know what, of course,
three bodies came, I mean, it's not like, I don't know, they were
poorly organized, they were organized
like thugs.
Snipers, what for?  To give to
the ostriches, I don't know, to give to a
mouse, but oh well, it'll work out.   It will be
solved and they find
Franco there in the kangaroo.  Ah, but let's see,
we all knew each other.  But
I had lunch with two of the
police officers who came here the
following week.  I mean, we all know each other here
.  What happens is that there has been
a matter of interests here, there have been some
complaints filed at the
right time for other reasons, to annoy,
to annoy, to cause harm simply
because they achieve
nothing, they achieve nothing more
than, let's see, what they have achieved is to
take away my life, they have stolen my life, that
is to say, my life was here, my peace
was here, I had achieved the
perfect balance of life here.  Life
has been here.  You've been here.  I
live in constant peace with all the
moves I can make.  They stole that from me,
and
seven sons of [ __ ] stole it from me.  Seven sons of
[ __ ].  Seven, that's it.  When I get out of
here I'll talk.  But that's what it's been like.
Many things have come together, bad things have come together
. There are people who have gotten out of
hand, there are people who have helped, the
truth is, from what are
police agencies and such, they are helping.  The thing
is, of course, if they have to
give you something, they're going to give you something.  I'd
rather have been charged with something else, since I haven't
had an otter license since
October, than have been charged with something else
, you know?  Because okay, it doesn't have
the otters, so am I going to go to
jail for a year for not having a license?
Well, he can put me in jail for a
year for not having a legal license.
But damn, just imagine, just imagine what that
could be like.  What happens is that
the animals stay, he stays and that's it
.  That's how it is.  They can't
close that.  Sanctuary, or whatever you want to
call it.  Hey, what's David's room
over there, Fran?  What is David's room?
David stayed in the room
where the bunk bed was,
where the pond was.  So
after a few days we
realized that there was a [ __ ]
viper in there in the pond, who came
to drink at night.  Yes. So
we're neighbors, huh?  David, my villa
was on the other side of the road.   I
was and I was.  Come on.  Where did
you stay, Javi?  On the little path.
When you go to that, right?  You turn to
uh you turn to the left, right?
When the road forks, it heads to the
left.  There's that pond you
're talking about and your house is a little bit in
front of it instead of going
out.  Oh, joking.  Well, that's
my favorite thing.  Yes, it's very good,
really.  you've changed, you've
changed her, haven't you?  You've changed that
little room, haven't you?  Expanded, it has
expanded.  He's made it a little bit
bigger now.  I made it bigger.  He has
done many things.  There's a hell of a flyover
now, but a
gigantic flyover.  We've made a lot of
changes.  I was going to expand, if I was
going to expand it now, I was going to expand it
twice as much and they took it away from me, it's
killed me, it's killed me.  I mean, the
sanctuary is what I'm telling you, it's going to
stay the same, but my
life has been stolen from me.  I mean, a lot of people
take it as a joke and say, "This I don't know what,
this I don't know how much."  But they have
stolen my life.  I'm 53 years old and
I have to start over
somewhere different until I can come back
here in peace, because I'm not here in peace
right now.  Until there are
several sons of [ __ ] who are screwed, I'm not
leaving in peace.  I mean, I'm not
comfortable living here.  They've
cut off the plan that you had so much
, so much, I mean, there was the wall, it
took my life, it took me, it's stayed,
the plan has been cut off.  You had a plan
for a few sanctuary plans
that you no longer have.  Of course not, no.  In other words, my
life has been stolen from me.  What happens is
that, well, eh, they are envies, they are just
that, spite, they are bad tempers and what
Iker says, there are good people and there are
bad people and that's it.  So, there are people who
want to achieve things by
highway, by fast track, and other people
who achieve things over
many years, making history.  So,
I'm calm because I know that
wherever I go, I'll do what I have to
do, you know?  Other people, damn,
we set up here there in Spain, in the
balls.  I told him, coming
here would be awesome, man.  Here you
would go to see crazy moment.  And here,
damn, [ __ ], in Spain you can't do
anything with animals, like the bad
start, right?  That's a zoo.  Nothing can be
done.  I tried it.  Paloma
was there talking to him and they told me it
was impossible and it is impossible.  And look,
Isabel told me, "Hey, Madrid."  And
such.  I say, "Yes, but the day
you leave Madrid they'll beat
the [ __ ] out of me, you know? It's just that in Spain,
no."  And besides, I'm not going to set up a
shrine anywhere.  I'm going to do
something else that's much cooler.  I have
a [ __ ] great idea in my head.
Noah's Ark.  The ark is going to be an ark
in case you get kicked out of one place and
go to another.  No, no, but I have a
very, very good idea that there is already a country
that has already told me to go for it.  That is,
I have a country since you told me to
go ahead.  Well, two, two countries, but one
already confirmed.  Confirmed.  I went to Africa,
damn.  It's closer to us, Javi and I,
damn.  Yes, Africa.  Let's see, Zambia.  I have
the idea of ​​going to Zambia, because I
lived there for a year and I have the idea of ​​going to
Zambia, of returning there after a while and
doing something, but there is a country in
America and a country which is Australia where
we are going to do things.  Let's do
things.  A year and a half ago, David, you
told me about already, well, I don't know if it stuck
like you did for about a year, right?  Hey,
Javi, come on now, damn it.  And I used the
excuse of cron, I don't know what, I don't know
how much.  I went twice last year.  The one
who didn't want to go, because I'm against
country things, against getting involved, against
getting dirty, I've been to this twice.   It
totally hooks you.  It's just that it's a
thing where you say, "[ __ ],
how is that possible?"  Because it's what you
say, I mean, you go there, you don't go to a
resort or anything, you go to live and
yet the place transmits a peace
and a feeling of... I, I, I
also took advantage of those days to get
closer to my daughter, to have her
closer, to spend more time with her,
right?  Because unfortunately, she does
n't live with me and and and I also had that
need to do something with
her, right?  And I knew it was the dream
of a lifetime, meeting Fran and going to the
sanctuary and all that.  And I went there with her,
above all to, I tell you, to
have a closer relationship with her as a father
and daughter, more than we have, because
I adore her too.  And what I got was
an experience, man, really cool, I do
n't know, man, it changes your vision
of your life, right?  Because look at
what my life is compared to
Fran's life.
Look at this mess around here and be
there in that silence, listen to the
animals, swim there in that lake
that was nearby.  You got in, you
got into the lake.  We got involved, of course we got
involved.  I lost flip-flops there,
remember, Frank?
Dude, I got into new balan the
first day because I said, I don't
wear crow, I always wear my
boots, my sports shoes, right?  With my and
when I put the New Balan there in
this and it couldn't be done there, my
foot got stuck.  I say, no, no, Fran,
bring me some cross.  And he appeared in the
morning with a crom.  And that's what it
takes, right, David?  The little that is
needed.  Nothing, nothing.  We would go there to eat
with the old lady, we would eat a
little bit of rice, a little bit of this, it was
like everything was so wonderful.  It's a
marvel.  Well, they stole all of that from me
.  They stole my life,
man.  It's the host.  What happens is that
I said it, you can
destroy me here, but you are not going to
destroy me.  You can destroy this.  The
thing is, the sanctuary is already
armored.  The good thing about all this is that
the sanctuary is armored.  Now it
is indeed armored by the three bodies
that came here.  armored.  That's the
good thing that came out of it.  I say that I
want to leave here because I'm not, I'm
not safe right now.  I
don't feel safe here at
all right now.  It's that you put the
range in a little bit or they catch you in a
bind and and and they put you inside the
place, you know?  It's scary, it's a little bit
scary.  Javi, that's not happening.  This
happened for a reason.  This isn't happening, it's
not happening.  I mean, this doesn't happen, I mean, it
doesn't happen, it doesn't happen normally.
Your Yupa explained it to you the other day, these things
don't happen unless they're directed.
That's how it is.  So, well, that's it.
Life is like that.  You meet sons of [ __ ]
in life every day.  Sometimes it
happens to you, sometimes it doesn't.  At the
end of the day.  Thailand is not a country to
play around with either.
That's why I want to get out, that's why I want to get out
for a while, because right now
things are hot and they've also
recommended that as soon as I can
, when the animal trial is over
and the other trials are over and
so on, that I get out for a while and let things
cool down a little.  Be
quiet, be quiet, don't
get too busy and give yourself time to get out, you
won't fall.  No, no, no.  Look,
look, they can't sue me, they can
file all the lawsuits they want,
everyone, but obviously now I have to
face everything I have and I'm
not going to hide and say, "No,
no, nothing's happening, it's happening. I'm screwed,
I'm screwed. It costs a lot of money, a lot of
effort, a lot, above all, a lot of
anxiety because you're not in Spain, you
're not in Europe, you're not in the
United States, and the guarantees are fantastic
for everything."  I mean, you're in a country that's
not yours, you're in a situation
like this, but oh well, everything will work out,
everything will work out, and everything will pass.  The good thing is
that in life everything happens, man.  Everything
passes.  I mean, it could be a month, it could be
three, but in the end I always say it.
You're a guy with balls and you're not
going to care much. But what's it about? People
worry about things.  Look, I'm
worried about this for the people I love,
for the people who are surrounded.  But
really, imagine when you have a
dream about 1,000 things and you want to
buy this and I don't know how much and
suddenly they tell you, "Hey, you're sick."   It
doesn't matter at all, man.  All you want
is to get well.  All you want
is to get well.  So if you
get used to seeing that nothing is
more important than getting up in the morning,
having a cup of coffee, and saying, "Thank you," that
's it, everything passes.  The rest all passes.  If
you can get up again tomorrow,
get up, have a coffee and say,
"[ __ ], thanks."  That's it.  And the
next day the same thing.  The rest all passes.
Everything passes.  Everything, everything.  Of course.   Of course
.  You have to live for the day, man.
Live the day, get to night and think
today, [ __ ] it, tomorrow for another one, that's
it and you're a brave guy and
I know that they're never going to get the better of you
.  I know you, I see the balls
you have for life in every
sense, and people like you
aren't easy to destroy, huh?  So,
above all, a great person and
good people always win in the end
.  I think about it many
times.  Look, they've tried to
screw me, but they've tried all my life, man, you in
that job, I mean, they put chairs in
front of you, they try to screw you, they try to make you give up, they
try to screw you and all those
who have stolen from me, screwed me,
swindled me, whatever, they're all in [ __ ]
[ __ ] right now.  And I'm about to
go play in Austin for 90,000
people, you know?  I mean, and my life not
only continues, but it gets better and I'm
doing things better and better and I don't
have enemies and I have and such and I maintain that
way of being and that way of
acting and they can't stop me, you know?
Because why not because never never in the
end, no matter how hard they
try, those sons of [ __ ] can defeat good people and you have to
always maintain that
attitude and always be good people, right?
That you are.  David, before you
go, the sky is still gray and
yellow.  In winter, in Madrid yes,
because there are some
yellow streetlights, the sky is grey and cloudy
and then it looks like the grey and
yellow sky, man.  That's how it is.
Hey, uh, really, I'm not telling you because
well, but I'm glad you
were here, man.  Thanks a lot.   It has
been an honor for me to tell you
that you have your home here and a friend for
whatever you need, right?  Thank you very much,
Javi.  Well, nice to meet you.  Let's see
if we can give you a hug one day and Fran,
you know that if you want to come
here, this is your home, man, I
have a room here that's better than your [ __ ]
container.
My container is [ __ ] great, it's
cleaner.  Damn, look, look, look, look.
How good this is.  Holy [ __ ], a wine boot,
man.  But how did it get there?  They have
brought it.  I'm going to start drinking, I've never
drunk wine.  I'm going to start drinking wine.
Who has been there?  Hey, ah, I
can't tell you.  Of course, that's a
visit.  Of course, that doesn't appear in
Thailand just because.  I have a
wine boot, man.  It's
awesome.  And four bottles, four
bottles of wine they gave me.  Drink wine
from the wineskin, man.  That's wonderful.
David, as I said, a huge kiss, man, and
good luck with that concert across
the pond.  We will be there
whenever you want, thank you very much.
M.